It’s getting too much.
Even my family
is getting dragged into this.
I really want to stay by your side.
I really want to, but I can’t anymore.
I never thought...
the day would come
when we’d be apart,
but here it is.
Throughout my life.
From now on,
you’re not touching that
phone without my consent.
Give it!
Sir, I just won’t
wear it outside. Sir—
That woman
will be the end of you.
is my beginning, sir.
Is the layout there okay?
- Do you need anything else?
- It’s all good.
- Are we missing anything?
- Excuse me.
Luna?
Hey!
Do you need anything else?
Just this. It’s for you.
Wait, why are you late?
I had a lot of things
to take care of at home.
By the way, we’re already here.
We’re just checking
the measurements.
Maybe it’s time
for me to fix myself.
To start over without Arkin.
Even if it’s just little by little.
I just focused on
gaining more experience.
Via, I’m heading out
first, okay?
Yeah, sure.
- Take care, okay?
- Take care.
I endured all the hardships
of the apprenticeship
and made sure to finish
everything they assigned to me.
Good thing my friends
are still with me.
They make work easier to handle.
Before we even realized it,
our apprenticeship
was almost over.
- Bye, Via!
- Bye, Luna!
- Bye! Take care.
- Stay safe!
Bye, Luna.
Are you okay?
Huh?
Listen—
We only have one week left
to complete the
required training hours.
Then, after that, there’s
still the board exam.
There’s no time to rest at all.
I really hope we can get through it.
I mean, we can.
We really can.
As long as we’re together.
Let’s grab a drink!
Oh!
Sevi messaged.
Yeah.
Just cry it out, Sevi.
Damn, why is it like this?
Love is so unfair.
You were together for years.
You’ve grown used
to their presence.
You went through a lot together.
Then in a single moment, fuck!
They just vanish?
Nothing ever lasts in this world.
I’m done too.
You know the point when
everything’s all good…
When you’re used to each other.
When you’re convinced
that they’re the one.
This is it. They’re your person.
And then somehow,
it all gets taken back.
Like being happy is just hard.
You know…
There were so many times
I wished we had never met.
I wished we never
crossed paths at all.
Because if that were the case—
then maybe we wouldn’t
have been tied to each other
since we were born, right?
Maybe I wouldn’t have
hoped that we’d stay
together our whole lives,
that we’d grow old together.
But no.
I can’t say it.
Because no matter what I do,
no matter
how I think about it—
Every single happy
moment in my life,
he was there.
Shit, Arkin told me the
exact same thing last week.
You were together?
We met up.
He even asked me,
“Bro, am I a bad person?”
I asked him why.
He said,
“Why am I being
punished like this?”
And then he started crying.
So we went out
to see each other.
But
it also took him a while.
It took him a long time before
he finally opened up to me.
I kept thinking
about how many days
he must have been carrying
all that on his own.
You know, I haven’t checked in
on Arkin in a long time.
Sometimes I feel like
I’m such a terrible friend.
Arkin wouldn’t be mad at you.
Actually, he wants you guys
to be there for Via.
And he keeps telling me
over and over
that he hopes you
all pass the board exam.
Because I told him you’ve
all been studying nonstop.
You know, Via—
Even though he’s hurting,
Arkin always thinks
about how you’re doing.
Cheers!
Cheers.
One last push, Via.
You’ve got this.
Avianna, study hard
and really focus, okay?
Get that license so
you can fly here to Spain.
For the family.
It’s Avi’s birthday
the weekend after next.
You better be there!
See you!
♪ Happy birthday to you! ♪
♪ Happy birthday, ♪
Thank you everyone!
Happy birthday!
- Happy birthday!
Wow!
Okay, everyone…
You can have your seats.
And kids, you can play again.
Okay?
Go, baby.
Stay here.
We have an announcement to make.
Yeah.
So, everyone…
We’d like to thank you for coming.
We have an announcement
to make, as a family.
Huh?
What kind of announcement?
You’ll see there are envelopes
under your plates.
Oh my god!
We’re getting married
in a few months.
Wow!
Congratulations!
Must be nice.
Some people really have it all.
- Surprise!
Via, look!
Hiro… Hiro…
What happened?
- How are you?
- Hi!
We’ll just be in the room, guys.
You’ve got this!
Hey, let me go.
Hey, Samantha.
What time do you think it is?
Sev! Sev! This is urgent.
Can you please
come to the hotel?
Yeah, and please take care of—
Luna! Via, ‘cause—
What am I, a babysitter?
Why? What happened
over there?
Well, they’re super drunk and
I can’t look after them, so—
Damn it! I’m sure
Luna’s too far gone.
Go ahead, keep drinking
until you pass out!
Next time, I’ll let St. Peter
watch over her!
Okay, I’ll just get ready.
Yes! Thanks, Sev.
Please, please come here.
Take care. No, no…
- Okay! I’ll wait for you, okay?
- Oh my god.
Take care!
My head hurts.
I need water.
Good thing you’re available.
Just for now.
Are you sure you’re ready to see her?
Yes.
If you say so.
You take care of Via.
Sam will be checking out tomorrow anyway.
Wait. I just need to grab something.
Shit.
Are you guys okay?
I don’t want to drink anymore.
You take care of this, okay?
I’m leaving.
Huh?
Glad you’re awake, Luna!
I’ll take you home.
Arkin, take care of Via!
- I have my car with me—
- No.
I’ll go home on my own.
Via, you’re drunk.
So what?
If I say I can handle it, I can.
I also told myself
I was ready to see you again,
but I’m not.
Do you really not
want this anymore?
Even just the friendship, Via.
Even just that.
I can’t lose that, too.
We already lost that the moment
you said you loved me.
It got ruined the moment
I said I loved you, too.
I had plans for us.
Do you think I didn’t?
My whole life, you were
the future I wanted.
You were the one I wanted
to be with in everything.
Not once did I ever
think we’d end up like this.
Do you think that doesn’t hurt me?
It hurts because I have to
change all those plans.
We can still work on it.
Can’t we?
I endured these past
years without you, Via.
I’m finishing out my contract.
I didn’t bother you.
I act happy in front
of the camera
because that’s what
everyone wants, even though—
I’m completely broken inside.
Is there really nothing left, Via?
After your contract,
what are you going to do?
Will you stop? Leave?
Give up everything you worked
so hard for? For what?
For who?
For me?
Do you think it’s really that easy?
That’ll just bring you down, Arkin.
And when that happens,
do you really think you’ll be
able to climb back up again?
The same thing that happened
to Mama will happen to you.
We’re not the same, Via.
So don’t look at me
like you’re afraid of me.
I won’t do the things she did.
I’m not like her.
This isn’t the same experience
you had with your mom.
You keep thinking
about my dreams.
But—
But you don’t even know
what your own dream really is.
Because you’re
trapped in this idea
that dreams only end up
ruining relationships.
It already happened, didn’t it?
Isn’t that exactly what happened?
We’re already broken.
We’re broken, I’m broken.
You’re broken.
I don’t want to go
back to that position.
Do you love me?
I wish I could say no.
But even now,
I still can’t lie to your face.
Even knowing you’re capable
of doing all that to me.
I never wanted this
to happen to us, Via.
But I can still hold on.
I can still endure.
I can still try again.
And for what?
At the cost of your dreams?
At the cost of everything
you worked so hard for?
Larkin, you’ve already
sacrificed so much
just to get to where you are now.
And if you throw all of that away,
I’ll be even angrier at you.
And at myself.
Via—
What should I do
if I see you again?
Hug me.
Then let go of me again.
You know, I’ve been seeing a lot
of positive comments online.
I guess it really was
a good thing
you did that interview, right?
People you’ve helped are
starting to speak up, too.
Good! Sevi almost turned
this into a troll farm.
Of course!
I’m totally ready
to trash-talk those bashers,
for Sam’s sake!
You guys, seriously, thank you.
I appreciate you all so much.
Hey!
Why are you so quiet, Luna?
I’m just feeling a little sad.
Sam’s leaving for New York,
and then Via’s leaving soon, too.
And I’ll be stuck with
your face every day.
It’s kind of depressing, right?
Oh, come on!
I’ll still visit you guys.
Or come visit me.
Auntie, why are you leaving?
Will I see you soon?
Baby, of course!
Don’t be a bad girl, okay?
Be a good girl to your
mom and your dad, okay?
Okay.
Hey, Yanna.
Are you crying, too?
I’m not used to you not being here.
You’re making me cry, too.
Let me hold you, bestie.
You’re making us all cry.
We’re going to miss you, Sam.
Don’t go.
I have to.
Visit me sometime, okay?
Straight ahead, Via.
So, what’s this about?
This better not be some
weird surprise, okay?
- What’s this?
- Over here, Via.
Where?
Here, right here.
- Surprise!
We cooked this, Ate.
I made the meat stew.
Ysha made the fried spring rolls.
Via, I cooked the rice,
and I also made the mango float.
Wow. You guys really cooked all of this?
Of course, Via.
Because when we were younger,
you always cooked for us.
From breakfast to dinner,
even our packed lunches for school.
So this time, it’s our turn.
Yeah, Via.
We’re really thankful for all
the sacrifices you’ve made for us.
And for taking care of us, too.
Oh, come on.
Why are you making me cry?
I don’t really know
how to cook meat stew,
but the mango float is good,
and I asked Papa to teach me
how to cook rice.
You’re all so good now.
You guys are all grown up now.
At least I feel more
at ease knowing you
won’t go hungry
even when I leave.
Because you’ll cook.
Yes.
Okay, let’s sit down.
Sit down, Via.
Okay…
You’ll take turns cooking, okay?
And don’t forget Papa.
Always check on him,
always save him food
when he hasn’t come home yet.
Always ask how he’s doing
because he’s always
tired from work, okay?
And you,
behave yourself, okay?
Don’t give your sisters a hard time.
Yes, Via.
Why are you crying?
Because it feels like
you won’t come back.
What are you talking about,
I’m just reminding you
of things. I’ll still visit.
I know you’re used
to me being here
because since you were little,
I was always the one with you.
You were with me more
than with Mama, actually.
But don’t worry,
we’ll still talk to each other.
Via, I’ll study hard, I promise.
When I graduate, get a good job,
and become rich, you won’t
have to work anymore, Via.
Me too, Via.
I promise I’ll do my best
so when I finally get a job,
you can come back
here to the Philippines
and we’ll all be together again.
Thank you.
I know you’ll all do your best.
I know you’ll give it
everything you’ve got,
but the most important thing
is don’t forget to have fun.
Don’t forget to be happy.
That matters, okay?
And if things get hard, Via,
don’t keep it to yourself, okay?
Let Auntie know.
For now, I’ve got things
covered here.
Take care of yourselves, okay?
Behave, all right?
Okay, that’s enough.
Come on, let’s try
what you cooked.
Via, I’ll get you some food.
Here, have some spring rolls.
- All right, let me try it.
- It’s good, Via.
Everything’s good.
One more?
Okay.
Wow.
Want some meat stew?
I do.
- Okay.
- I cooked that.
Should I bring it?
Better not.
Via?
Sweetheart, are we taking you
to the airport tomorrow?
Huh?
No need, Pa.
We might keep on saying our goodbyes,
then I’d end up missing my flight.
Sweetheart…
Are you mad at me?
Did I fall short somehow as a father?
Pa, don’t think that way.
I was never mad at you.
I’ll admit,
sometimes I feel hurt, sometimes
I get jealous of other kids.
But I never blamed you, Pa.
And even if you
never said anything,
even if none of this happened,
I would still take care of all of you.
Your siblings and I are so
lucky to have you, sweetheart.
You sacrificed so much for us.
I don’t even know
how I can ever repay you.
Pa, just stay healthy.
Just be happy.
That’s more than enough for me.
Via…
If it ever hurts too much,
tell me, okay?
And I hope
you go see Arkin to say goodbye.
Not as the person he loved—
but as the person who’s been
with him his whole life.
That’s what matters.
All right, I’ll go ahead, sweetheart.
Is this really the right decision?
Maybe I shouldn’t do this.
Are you just going
to keep running away?
You’re leaving already.
Just face him.
Fine. Just one doorbell.
If he doesn’t answer,
I’ll leave right away.
That means we were never
meant to see each other.
Maybe he didn’t hear it.
Let’s try again.
I guess he’s not here.
Hi.
Via?
Come in.
Sorry, I just got out of the shower.
Are you sick?
Get some rest. I’ll go home now.
Rye.
Don’t you have anything to say?
Why did you come here?
Can you not ask questions?
Can you act like nothing painful
ever happened between us?
Can you go back to the time
before you wrote that song?
Just for now?
Just this once.
Via—
It’s okay, Arkin.
It’s okay.
I want all my firsts to be with you.
Because after this, I have to leave.
I’m sorry I doubted you.
I’m sorry I wasn’t there
when you were hurting.
I’m sorry I left you.
I’m leaving you again.
I’m sorry for the times
I wasn’t there when you needed me.
I’m sorry I didn’t fight
hard enough for you.
Thank you for everything.
Thank you for being
with me my whole life.
Thank you for all the
music you made for me.
Thank you for the happiness.
Thank you for the love.
Thank you for taking care of me.
Thank you for taking
care of my family.
You took care of me
when I was too busy
taking care of everyone else.
You’re the only one
I’ve ever loved like this, Kino.
We just saw each other again.
So, after this hug,
you have to let me go again.
Thank you for everything.
And I love you.
Always have, always will.
My best friend.
My love.
My music.
Via?
Via!
Did I do something again?
Yeah?
Where are you right now?
At my condo. Why? What’s going on?
Arkin, listen.
I can’t help but tell you this.
Via told me to wait
until after she has left,
but that just feels wrong.
Via is leaving now.
She’s going to Spain, and
she’s going to work there.
What?
She’s already on her
way to the airport.
Terminal 3. Hurry!
Your attention please.
Please do not smoke
in the terminal area.
Smoking is only permitted
in the specified smoking areas.
Thank you.
Via…
Excuse me—
- Please watch your luggages—
- Via.
Here’s your passport and
your boarding pass, ma’am.
- Your attention please.
- Ma’am?
Please do not smoke
in the terminal area.
Smoking is only permitted
in the specified smoking areas.
- Have a safe flight.
- Thank you.
Thank you. Next!
Thanks.
Your attention please.
Please do not smoke
in the terminal area.
Smoking is only permitted
in the specified smoking areas.
Thank you.
Via!
Hi, sir. Your passport
and boarding pass, please.
Sir, I just need to find
someone. It won’t take long.
I’m sorry, sir.
You’re not allowed to go in.
Please, sir, just for a moment.
Sorry, sir.
Please.
- Sir.
- Via!
Sir, please just listen.
You’re really not allowed.
- Sir.
- Via!
You’re really not allowed, sir.
I’m sorry.
This is as far as you can go, sir.
Please stay there, sir.
You really can’t go past this point.
Sir, please don’t force it.
Please don’t force it.
I just need to stop
someone from leaving.
I’m sorry, sir.
You’re really not allowed.
You can only go this far.
You’re not allowed to enter.
This is really
as far as you can go.
Please watch your luggages—
You said…
You said you wouldn’t leave me.
Hello, Arkin. How are you?
Bro.
Am I a bad person?
Huh? Why would you say that?
Why is this happening?
I don’t understand why
I’m being put through this.
Hold on. Let’s meet up!
I’m not used
to not having Via, bro.
How could you
ever get used to it?
You’ve been together
since you were kids,
even before you were born.
Shit, I gave my whole life to her.
All my plans had her in them.
We promised each other we’d
stay together until we’re old.
We promised a future together.
How am I supposed
to get used to this?
You won’t get used to it, bro.
You’ll just learn how to live
with something missing.
Just thinking about Via
crying every night
when I wasn’t there
by her side…
Damn it.
I feel like such a useless friend.
You know that feeling?
Even just being her friend,
I couldn’t even do that for her.
Bro, you were struggling
back then, too, right?
For sure, she understood that.
I just don’t know
where to begin without Via.
Via!
- Can I—
- Did you see it?
You smell like Spain.
Larkin Sanchez!
This song is about someone
who wants to confess their
love to their closest friend.
Have you been taught already?
Taught?
Taught how to play
the guitar before.
- Arkin!
- What’s up, Aidan?
Aidan, do you need a capo—